#Variation Website Summary 
 We were assigned a single scroll site experience for the second HTML and CSS project about a variable font of our choice. The goal of a designer in this project was to research the font, get a feel of why it was created, and make a design that conveyed that purpose. 

First step: CHOOSING YOUR FONT
I chose the font Roboto Serif. Originally, I wanted to find a typewriter font with many variations because 1. I just love typewriter fonts. They give me a vintage and handmade feel, and 2. I wanted a lot of variations so I had more design options and freedom. Roboto Serif was the closest type font that was the style I wanted and had multiple variations. The first step after we chose the font we wanted was to research. “Roboto Serif is a variable typeface family designed to create a comfortable and frictionless reading experience. Minimal and highly functional, it is useful anywhere (even for app interfaces) due to the extensive set of weights and widths across a broad range of optical sizes.”
 - Google Fonts. 

Second step: CREATING A LAYOUT
 Based on this background information I wanted a design that reflected somewhere you'd do a lot of reading, the first thing that came to my mind was a recipe book. Where reading and paying attention to the words is very important if you want things to work out correctly. I then did some digging into different cookbook layouts (both physical and digital recipes) and came up with a basic layout. We could only use glyphs in that font for any “images” or “drawings” we wanted in our design. I used the little hearts to represent the review ratings of my Roboto Serif “Poundcake” recipe. I chose pink, green, and yellow as the color palettes to create a calm but lively mood. They also reminded me of a strawberry shortcake that fits a recipe layout.  I'm simply just a biased designer when it comes to a cutsie color pallet and negative space. I will eat that up all day every day in designs. It makes it easier to digest everything on a page one at a time with a soothing color rather than having a lot of information with bold colors. 

Third step: CODING 
Luckily for us, Lara allowed us to use a premade repository that she created with the basic structure of what our project should look like. With an already functioning navigation bar, footer, and some animation set for us. Our responsibility was to plug in our information: font code, colors + design elements, history, variables, and full character set. 
For my design, I didnt have to change the animation style that was already set in the repository because it was coincidentally doing what I already was planning on having it do (fade in and out between font-weight). 
There were 2 main codes that I needed to deep dive into that we didnt learn in class and that was the drop shadow and how to make the background split into 2 colors. I first tackled the background color. With the help of my trusty boyfriend and google we found that to make the two dividing colors the code was called a “liner gradient”. You plug in the degree of the gradient, the two colors used, and percentages for how blended and how far each color goes into the gradient. I wanted a very sharp distinct division between my colors (pink and yellow) so the blend was 0%. The angle we tried was 180 but that made it straight across instead of verticle, changing it to 90 made it straight up and down. The second code was for a drop shadow, which was pretty straightforward to look for and I got the code pretty much immediately from Google.   
For my headers, I wanted to add a white box with two “hole punches” on the sides to make it resemble a recipe card. There was a little blip with the consistency and code for a minute, when I put in one line of code in my HTML 3 boxes popped up! It turned out to be an issue with putting the code in a wrapper so Lara helped me tweak the code a bit. We ended up making the white boxes ONLY on the headers due to consistency. I originally had the history section all in the white box and the variations + Characters section only the header was in white so we changed that.  
My code was class galore! I find that wrapping things and referring to them directly is the easiest way my brain doesn't get lost in the code. However working with it more, I can see how having too many can cause issues (the 3 boxes).
